purchase_invoice_from_picking/README.rst, before:

Purchase Invoice From Picking
=============================
This module allows to generate supplier invoice lines from receipt pickings.

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Context
-------
In vanilla Odoo, you may select a PO from a vendor bill by entering the vendor bill reference.

.. image:: static/description/vanilla_odoo_vendor_bill.png

This is convenient if your vendors issues invoices based on a sale orders (your purchase orders).
This is less convenient if your vendor issues invoices based on deliveries.

Overview
--------
This module allows to select a stock picking from a draft invoice.

.. image:: static/description/overview__invoice_picking_select.png

When the picking is selected, one invoice line is added per stock move.

.. image:: static/description/overview__invoice_lines_added.png

Each invoice line is properly binded to the origin PO line.

Usage
-----

Purchase Order
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
As member of ``Purchase / User``, I confirm a PO.

.. image:: static/description/purchase_order_confirmed.png

Receipt
~~~~~~~
As member of ``Stock / User``, when the order is received, I navigate to the form view of the picking.

I notice a new field ``Supplier Reference``.

.. image:: static/description/receipt_form.png

I fill the supplier reference, then validate the receipt.

.. image:: static/description/receipt_form_validated.png

Note that one product (``[FURN_8888] Office Lamp``) was partially (10 out of 15) received. A backorder was created.

Invoice
~~~~~~~
As member of ``Accounting / Billing``, when the supplier bill is received, I create a draft bill.

I notice a new field ``Add a receipt``.

.. image:: static/description/invoice.png

I select my receipt.

.. image:: static/description/invoice_select_receipt.png

The invoice lines are automatically generated and the origin document was filled.

The quantity on the invoice line is the received quantity from the picking.

.. image:: static/description/invoice_lines_generated.png

Invoiced / Partially Invoiced Filters
-------------------------------------
The module adds 2 filters on the list view of stock pickings.

These filters allow to view receipts that are uninvoiced and partially invoiced.

.. image:: static/description/stock_picking_filters.png

Credit Notes / Returns
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The module also allows to fill a credit note from a return picking.
The behavior is exactly the same as described above for a receipt.

A return picking can also be directly added to an invoice.
In such case, the quantity on the new invoice lines will be negative.
The total amount on the invoice will need to be positive (this is a standard Odoo constraint).

Contributors
------------
* Numigi (tm) and all its contributors (https://bit.ly/numigiens)

Commit message:

TA#24698 allow to force a picking as invoiced (#33)

purchase_invoice_from_picking/README.rst, after:

Purchase Invoice From Picking
=============================
This module allows to generate supplier invoice lines from receipt pickings.

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Context
-------
In vanilla Odoo, you may select a PO from a vendor bill by entering the vendor bill reference.

.. image:: static/description/vanilla_odoo_vendor_bill.png

This is convenient if your vendors issues invoices based on a sale orders (your purchase orders).
This is less convenient if your vendor issues invoices based on deliveries.

Overview
--------
This module allows to select a stock picking from a draft invoice.

.. image:: static/description/overview__invoice_picking_select.png

When the picking is selected, one invoice line is added per stock move.

.. image:: static/description/overview__invoice_lines_added.png

Each invoice line is properly binded to the origin PO line.

Usage
-----

Purchase Order
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
As member of ``Purchase / User``, I confirm a PO.

.. image:: static/description/purchase_order_confirmed.png

Receipt
~~~~~~~
As member of ``Stock / User``, when the order is received, I navigate to the form view of the picking.

I notice a new field ``Supplier Reference``.

.. image:: static/description/receipt_form.png

I fill the supplier reference, then validate the receipt.

.. image:: static/description/receipt_form_validated.png

Note that one product (``[FURN_8888] Office Lamp``) was partially (10 out of 15) received. A backorder was created.

Invoice
~~~~~~~
As member of ``Accounting / Billing``, when the supplier bill is received, I create a draft bill.

I notice a new field ``Add a receipt``.

.. image:: static/description/invoice.png

I select my receipt.

.. image:: static/description/invoice_select_receipt.png

The invoice lines are automatically generated and the origin document was filled.

The quantity on the invoice line is the received quantity from the picking.

.. image:: static/description/invoice_lines_generated.png

Invoiced / Partially Invoiced Filters
-------------------------------------
The module adds 2 filters on the list view of stock pickings.

These filters allow to view receipts that are uninvoiced and partially invoiced.

.. image:: static/description/stock_picking_filters.png

Credit Notes / Returns
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The module also allows to fill a credit note from a return picking.
The behavior is exactly the same as described above for a receipt.

A return picking can also be directly added to an invoice.
In such case, the quantity on the new invoice lines will be negative.
The total amount on the invoice will need to be positive (this is a standard Odoo constraint).

Forcing A Picking As Invoiced
-----------------------------
Since version 1.1.0 of the module, it is possible to manually set a picking as invoiced.

After installing the module, this prevents old pickings (invoiced before the installation of the module)
from appearing in the selection­.

For this, go to the form view of the picking and check the box ``Force Invoiced Status``.

.. image:: static/description/picking_force_invoiced.png

When ``Force Invoiced Status`` is checked, the status ``Invoiced`` is automatically checked.

.. image:: static/description/picking_force_invoiced_checked.png

Contributors
------------
* Numigi (tm) and all its contributors (https://bit.ly/numigiens)
